Add support to extract release archives - fixes #612 (#613)
robinraju/release-downloader: README.md

    # It will create the target directory automatically if not present
    # eg: out-file-path: "my-downloads" => It will create directory $GITHUB_WORKSPACE/my-downloads
    out-file-path: ""

>     # A flagt to set if the downloaded assats are archives and should be extracted

Reviewer: minor: typo
```suggestion
    # A flag to set if the downloaded assets are archives and should be extracted
```
